DOCS-9303 ACM: Nov 14 release (#176)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/publish-apis.adoc

In the API Community Manager control panel, the *Manage APIs* tab shows a *Search APIs* field.

> The tab shows a maximum of 100 results, and shows a message if additional results were omitted. Use the search field to filter the APIs so that no relevant API is omitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tab shows a maximum of 100 results, followed by a message if additional results were omitted. Use the search field to filter the APIs so that no relevant API is omitted.
```

Author: Fixed.
